SDK-1425: Split README (#110)
getyoti/yoti-ruby-sdk: examples/rails/README.md

# Profile Example - _Ruby on Rails_

1. Create your application in the [Yoti Hub](https://hub.yoti.com)
1. Set the application domain of your app to `localhost:3001`
1. Set the scenario callback URL to `/profile`
1. Rename the [.env.example](examples/rails/.env.example) file to `.env` 

> 1. Fill in the environment variables in this file with the ones specific to your application (mentioned in the [Configuration](#configuration) section)

Reviewer: Configuration link doesn't work now it's in a separate README. I just mentioned the Hub in .NET Core, but just realised I need to update the 4.7 Example one
```suggestion
1. Fill in the environment variables in this file with the ones specific to your application, generated in the Yoti Hub when you create (and then publish) your application
```
